Java Solution for Good Subarrays (#1913)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/cf-1398C.mdx

void solve(){
	int n; cin >> n;

> 	vector<int> dp(n+1, 0);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	vector<int> dp(n + 1, 0);
```

> 	for (int i=1; i<=n; i++) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	for (int i = 1; i <= n; i++) {
```

		char c; cin >> c;
		dp[i]=c-'0';
	}

> 	for (int i=1; i<=n; i++) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	for (int i = 1; i <= n; i++) {
```

> 		dp[i]+=dp[i-1];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dp[i]+=dp[i - 1];
```

	}
	map<int, ll> sumDist;

> 	for (int i=0; i<=n; i++) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	for (int i = 0; i <= n; i++) {
```

		sumDist[dp[i]-i]++;
	}
	ll goodArrays=0;
	for (pi p: sumDist) {
		ll f=p.second;
		// sum of all positive integers less than f

> 		goodArrays+=f*(f-1)/2;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		goodArrays += f * (f - 1) / 2;
```

	}
	cout << goodArrays << endl;
}

int main() {
	int t; cin >> t;

> 	for (int i=0; i<t; i++) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	for (int i = 0; i < t; i++) {
```

void solve(){
	int n; cin >> n;
	vector<int> dp(n+1, 0);

> 	for(int i=1; i<=n; i++){ 

Reviewer 2: remove these extra spaces

Author: i can't really see them, don't know if I've missed any

> 	for(int i=1; i<=n; i++){  // put into array

Reviewer 2: this comment seems unnecessary, it's not necessary to restate what the code is doing

		char c; cin >> c;
		dp[i]=c-'0';
	}
	for (int i=1; i<=n; i++) {
		dp[i]+=dp[i-1];
	}
	map<int, ll> sumDist;

> 	for (int i=0; i<=n; i++) {  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	for (int i=0; i<=n; i++) {
```

> 	for(int i=0; i<=n; i++){  // build map

Reviewer 2: same as first comment

		sumDist[dp[i]-i]++;
	}
	ll goodArrays=0;
	for(pi p: sumDist){
		ll f=p.second;
		// this uses the formula n * (n - 1) / 2, and it gets

>             	// the sum of all the positive integers up to and including n

Reviewer 2: not including n

		goodArrays+=f*(f-1)/2;
	}
	cout << goodArrays << endl;
}

int main() {
	int t; cin >> t;

> 	for(int i=0; i<t; i++){  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	for (int i=0; i<t; i++) {
```

> 	for(int i=0; i<t; i++){  // each test case

Reviewer 2: same as first comment

		solve();
	}
}
```

</CPPSection>
	
<JavaSection>
	
```java
import java.io.*;
import java.util.*;

public class GoodSubarrays {
	static long solve (int arrayLength, String stringArray) {
		int[] array = new int[arrayLength + 1];
		for (int x = 1; x <= arrayLength; x++) {  
			array[x] = stringArray.charAt(x - 1) - '0';
		}
		for (int x = 1; x <= arrayLength; x++) { 
			array[x] += array[x - 1];
		}
		Map<Integer, Long> sumDist = new HashMap<>();
		for (int x = 0; x <= arrayLength; x++) {  
			if (sumDist.containsKey(array[x] - x)) {  // already in map

> 				// add one on to what is already there

Reviewer 2: redundant comments

				sumDist.put(array[x] - x, sumDist.get(array[x] - x) + 1);
			}

> 			else {  // not in the map yet, put 1

Reviewer 2: same

				sumDist.put(array[x] - x, (long) 1);
			}
		}
		long goodArrays = 0;

> 		for (int key : sumDist.keySet()) {  // for each key

Reviewer 2: ^same

			long f = sumDist.get(key);

> 			// this uses the formula n * (n - 1) / 2, and it gets

Reviewer 2: why not just "sum of all positive integers less than `f`"? same for cpp solution

> 			// the sum of all the positive integers up to n

Reviewer 2: "1 up to n" is ambiguous - it could refer to 1...n

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			// the sum of the first n positive integers
```

Reviewer 2: it's the first n-1 positive integers though
